All right so Candie's.
So in our problem here we want all of our kids who have an equal amount of candy it is socialism for
kids and candy essentially and in our we have an end amount of children which in our first example here
is three and that amount of candies which is 10.
So we're expecting that nine candies in total will be eaten by the children goes.
Each one of them there is enough candy for each one of them to have three.
The only hint I have is I use math floor to solve this.
And that's pretty much it.
Let's go ahead and dive right into it.
So this is just a basic introductory problem but I think it's important to sort of understand what our
objectives here and how we might sell this so in our.
I'm going to share and I'm just going to call this candy and we're going to take.
We we want to have the number of candies divided by the children.
Now that would give us a multiplier.
But we need it to be a whole number and we wanted to round down because what we want to return here
is Candy times the number of children which equals roughly 10.
But there's more than that because we need to drop the remainder so the way that we can drop the remainder
is just using math or floor.
And we can drop that remainder.
Now we're good we get the right answer.
So really here is just understanding if you can just sort of manipulate do some basic math.
You know there's probably one or there's probably maybe even a cleaner way that doesn't involve not
the floor but I found this to be pretty straightforward and I liked it.
But if you have a better solution feel free to share it in the comments.